here we go gold medal finals victoria
anthony against the mongolian should be
an outstanding match Anthony was a
winner here last year at the 44 kilos
has a chance to win another gold medal
at forty eight kilos she's had a strong
tournament a couple of real close
battles some of my protests which could
both cases she came out ahead and she's
just been scrappy the whole tournament
Mongolians work in the arm it's like
she's got a really good though two on
one trying to get in the side position
there victoria's mostly being defensive
here probably wants to try to break out
of there now we're free of the arm mock
and we'll see what Victoria is able to
do she takes a shot she gets blocked
Mongolia looks like she's gonna go in
arm throw Victoria goes for an inside
trip doesn't work but it's a good good
offensive attack and we're looking for
maybe a trying to get a front headlock
here perhaps
tori is over to the side over hook on
the left sorry Anthony of the United
States originally from Huntington Beach
California goes to college and Simon
Fraser University in Canada veteran on
this team a world champion last year at
the junior level already successful on
the senior low low leg shot no almost
got it Victoria looks sharp out there
just isn't completing it but she's
making her shots and we go the first
period without a takedown I believe
there's gonna be a bald grab pull
mongolia chooses in victoria gets the
legs really don't want to go into this
position but Victoria jumped the gun
escorting to the ralphs here she's
lining up she grabs box and goes lifts
it again brings it down right to her
back she gets three points on that one
properly executed clinch no doubt in my
mind on that one once the Victoria got
the leg she was getting that takedown
coach is he is Boing a cough Aaron timeo
give a little bit of advice to Victorian
thony she's one period up the gold medal
finals here at the junior world
championships
not gonna
second period
and that one score to take down in the
first the Victorian thony won the clinch
ongoing seems a little taller than
Victoria she's indicated that she's
bigger now than she was when she was at
44 but she still gives up some size at
times she's feeling like she's getting
more and more the size for this weight
class obviously here at the junior level
she's a finalist at one of the olympic
weights comes in with the underhook
tries to get down on a low single
sitting on the ankles one point take
down Victoria Anthony ankle ankle lace
two three four
and that's it it's a technical fall
Victoria Anthony junior world champion
10 nope at six or seven zero we have a
brand new to time junior world champions
Victoria Anthony of the United States
Victoria Anthony of you
echa lations Victoria